hi guys I've been pretty bad with my
video making and my vlogging recently
and I said in my last blog post that I
would make a video showing the projects
that I made from scrap materials that's
left over from other projects and things
like that
and so I thought that considering I have
fallen off the face of the planet online
wise I would show what I've been making
generally and it's not that I've not
been making I have and generally
everything is made out in some form of
recycled materials and my few years are
getting a bit ridiculously full with the
amount of scrap that I store and went
throw away so I have to start making
things out of them basically so I'll put
the ones that are made generally
entirely out of scrap materials towards
the end of see the video they've still
got things on them to judge them up such
as bling and buttons and things like
that but generally the foundations of
them are made almost entirely from
scraps and the rest'll are like say some
have recycle materials in them such as
pattern papers from scrap booking and
vintage ephemera scraps some recycling
dust I don't want to throw in the bin
like cobble boxes or something like that
and metal scrap metal metal broken
jewelry I've been trying to find as much
of that as I can recently and I'll belt
some things so I'll show you and I think
that's it